+++
title = 2022-05-21
publishDate = 2022-05-21
tags = ["lukhemacs", "lukhencom"]
categories = ["notes"]
draft = false
+++

-   exporting with just a function
-   batch export
-   straight

<!--more-->


## exporting with just a function {#exporting-with-just-a-function}

Exporting the whole roam directory, using dired+.
See [exporting to hugo]({{< relref "20220508122343-exporting_to_hugo.md" >}})


## batch export {#batch-export}

I managed to succeed in batch exporting roam files to hugo with ox-hugo.
I used:

-   dired+, installed manually from <https://raw.githubusercontent.com/emacsmirror/emacswiki.org/master/dired%2B.el>

    -   firstyl curl
    -   then copy to .emacs.d/elpa
    -   then package-install-file
        -   it should be done automatically with myinit.org
            -   maybe I could do package-install-file from remote file
            -   it's possible in straight.el package manager <https://github.com/radian-software/straight.el>
    -   then I evaluated this in scratch
        (define-key dired-mode-map (kbd "C-+")
        (lambda()
           (interactive)
           (diredp-do-apply/eval-marked 'org-hugo-export-wim-to-md '(4))))

    <!--listend-->

    -   now I can export all marked files with C-+ when in roam catalog (dired)

See [exporting to hugo]({{< relref "20220508122343-exporting_to_hugo.md" >}})


## straight {#straight}

I encountered straight.el package for managing packages in emacs.
It works very differently than package.el.

It downloads and builds git repos.

I can auto install any repo from github.

I can tinker with code with the help of git/magit.

It looks killer useful.

I copied myinit.org to vm, changed a bit and it seems to work.

Now copy it to xps/arch and start using.

In the meantime create emacs repo with myinit.org and init.el