+++
title = 2022-01-29
publishDate = 2022-01-29
tags = ["lukhentools", "backend"]
categories = ["notes"]
draft = false
+++

-   TaskCoproduct4
-   Sync to async refactoring

<!--more-->


## TaskCoproduct4 <span class="tag"><span class="blog_potential">blog-potential</span></span> {#taskcoproduct4}

I ended up with implementing the type TaskCoproduct4 with a helper function
[TaskEither&lt;A, B&gt;, TaskEither&lt;C, D&gt;] =&gt; Taskcoproduct4&lt;[A, C], [A, D], [B, C], [B, D]&gt;
It's useful for testing asynchronous functions with possible errors. I looks promising.

I used Reader monad to introduce dependency into the tested function but the change seems to big.
I guess I'll resign from Reader for now, I'll leave it for future changes.

I used git snapshot to store the code (Reader), to be able to easily look it up in the future.


## Sync to async refactoring {#sync-to-async-refactoring}

Refactoring a function from synchronous to asyncronous, TaskEither.
  Add test:

-   use TE.fold,
-   use Coproduct4.from... if you check with other async function

Change signature and make the function type correct, without making the new test pass.
Fix all type errors.
Change all other tests to make them type correct and pass.
Make the new test pass.

D in SOLID
High level modules should not depend on low level modules. They both should depend on abstractions.
getToken should be explicitly injected into responseForRequestWithData
Reader monad

Good design should not demand test change after code change.
